we moved to the north of the country in trujillo thanks to a large deployment
police were captured in the sector palm trees district hope
seven members of a family including a minor who are made
and would fall to theft or extortion in the housing intervention was found from
artifacts stolen up a little my public transport bus and grenades between
other objects
will be three blocks from the sector to intervene in housing
where it was presumed by intelligence investigations operated a whole family
dedicated to the crime of extortion and robbery
etc were more than 150 police officers
those who participated in the operation also captured 7 members who
they would belong to the family castle brook
Among the detainees there was also a minor after two suspects
extortionists who had in their possession two war grenades eight weapons of
fire electrical artifacts of dubious origin a linear motorcycle packs
mariguana and 123 ketes de pbc
for the search of the six homes located in the block l lots
22 and 23 of the sector the wichanzao palm trees involved seven prosecutors
of the basic module of the district of hope according to information that
they handled intelligence officers of the national police in the garage of
one of the houses that were intervened would have been murdered and buried
After carrying out the excavation process, a t-shirt was found
haiti slippers that would belong to the victim of these thugs without
However, it is not ruled out that after deep excavations, evidence is found
of a homicide
A minibus of the Californian company was also found
would belong to the band named with monies the head of the third dirtepol
assured will continue the investigations in the place